==For Windows Users==
===Main Window===
Here's a picture.
The Index on the left is organized alphabetically.  You need to click on the
tab to view the recipes with titles beginning with that letter.  To view a
recipe, select it's Title in the Index.

===Editing===
Here's another picture.
The Editor appears, when a selected recipe is Opened, or when a New recipe is created.
To "Open", or create a recipe, go to the Recipe menu and select the appropriate item.
Please also see the [ShortcutKeys shortcut key reference].
Just enter your information in the appropriate fields, and then click the "Save" button.
Labels can help you organize your recipes. Labels that you add to a recipe
show up in the index, with a list of recipes that use that label.

==Other OSes==
===Main Window===
The Index is on the left, Recipe on right.  Both are HTML pages.
===Editing===
Fields are the HTML source of certain sections of the HTML page.
Newlines are converted into HTML breaks when saving.  HTML code can be used
anywhere except Title, and Labels fields.  Some shortcuts keys are specific to the
Ingredient List, so see ShortcutKeys.  Simple.

==Where Is My Data?==
By default, your recipes and settings are saved in the following locations depending on OS:
  * Windows: C:\Documents and Settings\[YOUR NAME HERE]\.RecipeJar
  * OSX: ~/Library/Application Support/RecipeJar
  * Linux: User home folder/.RecipeJar
This can be changed in the Preferences.

==Other Stuff==
The Import function attempts to create a new Recipe from either a given html file,
or the contents of the clipboard.

The Export function on the other hand, strips RecipeJar specific stuff out of the
Recipe file, and allows you to save a copy.  This is so that you can put it somewhere, or
share it with someone and not have confusing links to a non-existent index file.