Two Templates are required, one for the Index, and one for recipes.
These are by default settings/index.html, and settings/template.html respectively.
This can be changed in the preferences.

=Recipe Template=
The recipe template is used primarily to store initial content for new recipes,
and content that is not part of the recipe, but is intended to be common
to all recipe files.

For example:
  # The notes div in the body
  # The ingredients div in the body, and
  # The procedure div in the body

Are used to populate new recipes.  If for instance, you prefer your recipes
to be empty when they are created, remove this content, but do NOT remove
these div elememts themselves, as RecipeJar expects them to be present, and if they are
not there will likely be a crash.

These elements:
  # The style element in the head section (See [StyleSheets])
  # div header
  # div notes-header
  # div notes-footer
  # div ingredients-header
  # div ingredients-footer
  # div procedure-header
  # div procedure-footer
  # div program-footer
  # div browser-footer
  # div export-footer

Also should be present.  The content of these, is common to all recipes.
For instance, in the default template, section titles are in the header sections.

However, the footer divs are special.  Only one is ever displayed, depending on the circumstances.  The "program-footer" is displayed when viewing the recipe in RecipeJar.  The "browser-footer" is what you will see when viewing the recipe in a web browser, as part of the website/database.  The "export-footer" is what you will see when viewing an exported recipe in a web browser.

The "browser-footer" should include at least one navigational link; to the index.
The "export-footer" should include anything that is dependent on other resources, like the index.

=Index Template
The Index Template works similarly to the Recipe Template, but with fewer elements.
There is a main header, and footer, and then a section header and footer.

The section header and footer is repeated for each of the alphabetized sections
produced by RecipeJar.  The style element is also important, for more on it see: [StyleSheets]

==Commands==
If present in one of the headers, or footers, the following
commands will be processed:
||* Command *|| *Action* || * Applies to * ||
||{{{[TITLE]}}}||Inserts the title of the recipe||Index and Recipe templates||
||{{{[LABELS]}}}||Inserts the recipes labels, as links except in exported recipes||Recipe template||
||{{{[CREATED]}}}||Inserts the date recipe was created||Index and Recipe templates||
||{{{[LASTSAVE]}}}||Inserts the date the recipe was last saved||Index and Recipe templates||
||{{{[VERSION]}}}||Inserts the Name and version of the program||Index and Recipe templates||
||{{{[AUTHOR]}}}||Inserts the user's name as shown in the preferences dialog||Recipe template||
||{{{[USERPHONE]}}}||Inserts the user's phone number as shown in the preferences dialog||Recipe template||
||{{{[USEREMAIL]}}}||Inserts the user's email address as shown in the preferences dialog||Recipe template||
||{{{[CUSTOM]}}}||Inserts some custom text as shown in the preferences dialog||Recipe template||


=Note=
One last thing, recipes are only updated to conform to the template when they
are saved, but they are all displayed in RecipeJar with the new template.
If you change your template after you have already created some
recipes, the new ones and the old ones will appear different in a browser.
To fix the problem, just re-save the old ones. Update: Or use the new Tools->Update Recipes
menu item to fix them all.